feat: Add `Bicep Owner Contribution Flow` and `Contributor Checklist`… (#785)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/contributing/bicep/prerequisites.md

{{< toc >}}

## GitHub Account Link and Access

> You need to have a GitHub account which is [linked](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/link) to your Microsoft FTE corporate identity account and be a member of the [Azure](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/orgs/Azure) organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have a personal GitHub account which is [linked](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/link) to your Microsoft corporate identity. Once the link step is complete you must join the [Azure](https://repos.opensource.microsoft.com/orgs/Azure) organization.
```
